I want to start off by saying that I know I have an accent and please don't assume it's a Russian.  More and more people are complaining about the Go transcript test.
about our rules, about the law-acceptance rates, and to be honest, I've pretty much  had it with all this whining. First of all, the tests have...
We've had so far, we're easy.  All you had to do is listen carefully, read our guidelines and do some research.  These things are in the job description.
Our clients don't always have good quality files, some may have background noise, some might  be in a difficult accent, some might contain terms if never heard of.
but we have to provide 98-99% accuracy for all of our clients.  We've tried to make sure that our communication with employees and employers
is a good one, where available on Facebook, Skype, live support, email, phone.  We answer all kinds of questions, regardless of how redundant.
they are, or in some cases, even rude.  We have at least four ways of explaining how everything works.  We took to the way we communicate information.
over and over again. In the hope that it be clear for everyone. And yet, it's not. We're  not one of those cold-hearted companies that doesn't give f-
a fuck about its employees. We work with people on a personal level, which is why it's so  frustrating for us to see duplicated tests or account selling happening on G.
These things are so disrespectful, I can't even begin to say, you know what, it's wrong  on so many levels. I'm not over dramatic.
and I'm not overreacting, these things happen and we can't allow these kinds of behaviors within our company.  You know what? Let me tell you a little story.
Only three years ago, this company got like three or four orders per week.  Small ones, we were a handful of transcribers and we didn't have...
editors. And look where we are now. For someone who comes to us for the first time, they think  like, this site always looked like this. This always has...
had this many orders. They always had these rules. This system in place, all of our services  and nobody had it.
to really work hard to get where they are now.  Well, that bullshit.  We worked our asses off.  All you see here today has been done by-
a programmer and two jacks of all trades. We worked day in and day out. We didn't have  time off for months. We added something new every day. We did research. We advertise.
we risked all of our savings for the company and it paid out.  Now we got from 20 or less transcribers to 2000.  We have over 500...
editors. We hire all the time. We don't turn anyone down when they're asking for a chance.  But what they do with that change...
is up to them.